SPEAKER 0: Hello, everyone. Thank you guys for coming to our weekly student success meeting.

SPEAKER 0: And let's just get started. So I have our list of chronically absent students here, and I've been noticing a troubling trend.

SPEAKER 0: A lot of students are skipping on Fridays. Does anyone have any idea what's going on?

SPEAKER 1: I've heard some of my mentees talking about how it's really hard to get out of bed on Fridays.

SPEAKER 1: It might be good if we did something like a pancake breakfast to encourage them to come. I think that's a great idea.

SPEAKER 0: Let's try that next week.

SPEAKER 2: It might also be because a lot of students have been getting sick now that it's getting colder outside.

SPEAKER 2: I've had a number of students come by my office with symptoms like sniffling and coughing.

SPEAKER 2: We should put up posters with tips for not getting sick since it's almost flu season.

SPEAKER 2: Like, you know, wash your hands after the bathroom stuff like that.

SPEAKER 2: I think that's a good idea and it'll be a good reminder for the teachers as well.

SPEAKER 0: So one other thing I wanted to talk about.

SPEAKER 0: There's a student I've noticed here, John Smith. He's missed seven days already and it's only November.

SPEAKER 0: Does anyone have an idea what's going on with him? I might be able to fill in the gaps there.

SPEAKER 1: I talked to John today and he's really stressed out. He's been dealing with helping his parents take care of his younger siblings during the day.

SPEAKER 1: It might actually be a good idea if he spoke to the guidance counselor a little bit.

SPEAKER 1: I can talk to John today if you want to send him to my office after you meet with him.

SPEAKER 3: It's a lot to deal with for a middle schooler.

SPEAKER 3: Great. Thanks, and I can help out with the family's childcare needs. I'll look for some free or low-cost resources in the community to share with John and he can share them with his family.

SPEAKER 0: Well, some really good ideas here today. Thanks for coming. And if no one has anything else, I think we can wrap up.